Decrease `max_buffer_size` limit value to be compatible with Apple2 GPU (#3255)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

- New downlevel feature `UNRESTRICTED_INDEX_BUFFER` to indicate support for using `INDEX` together with other non-copy/map usages (unsupported on WebGL). By @Wumpf in [#3157](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3157)
- Combine `Surface::get_supported_formats`, `Surface::get_supported_present_modes`, and `Surface::get_supported_alpha_modes` into `Surface::get_capabilities` and `SurfaceCapabilities`. By @cwfitzgerald in [#3157](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3157)
- Make `Surface::get_default_config` return an Option to prevent panics. By @cwfitzgerald in [#3157](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3157)

> - Lower the `max_buffer_size` limit value for compatibility with Apple2 GPU. By @jinleili in [#3255](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3255)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lower the `max_buffer_size` limit value for compatibility with Apple2 and WebGPU compliance. By @jinleili in [#3255](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3255)
```
